hello I'm markarián azzurra photographer
annie with chile today I'm going to present
two compact nikon cameras the j1 and the
b1 have some differences between
one of them being a little more
professional one of the things
interesting about this camera is that you
you can insert a separate flash that is
You can buy at nikon center
and also has one thing that to me
I personally like it a lot
what is an interchangeable lens this
lens can be removed from the camera and there
other lenses
that can be used can also be
buy an adapter to use the
lenses nor with normals of a camera 35
millimeters that makes it very good
for everything that is optical because you can
occupy your same lenses this these
lenses have a zoom there are distinct
zoom types you can find out which ones
are the ones that are best for you and
It also has a system called the
smart photography photography
smart really is smart and
what makes these photographs that he takes
a photo and four similar ones and choose in
the background five photos that are the best
photos that you take in a burst the
single camera chooses from a series of photos
the four best photos including the
main shot that's really
fantastic because it helps the photographer to
choose the photo efe
another thing that this camera has
and also the j1 is that they have a
long battery
lithium
and one of the important things is that
you have to use sd cards but they are
fast because when you use the mode
video if you use a card that is not
fast you will have problems that the
screen will go black during a
time when the card is reading and
recording then important that you use
a quick card because if you do not you will not
to be able to see the image that you are recording and
that is difficult
let's set aside this camera a
a little bit and let's take the j1 the j one
It has a small flash that is a flash
of filling which is quite useful for
make close portraits to use the macro
this camera is practically the same as
the one with the difference I would say that
the only important difference is the
flash this camera is heavier this
camera is lighter but the quality of
the photos and the quality of the video that is
practically equal the two cameras
they have a very interesting system that
flame instantaneous mode of movement what
does this mean that every time you
releases the shutter the camera records a
in a static image this lasts
about a second of the footage of the
video so that when viewing the
instantaneous movement obtained from the
camera the video plays on camera
slow for about 25
seconds followed by this static image
This camera has a focusing system
of faces these work very well in the
part video I liked a lot and
what does this mean that when the
person is moving
the camera focuses the face all the time
in very little the blur there is of a
instant but in general it succeeds
pretty good the video's relationship is
16 is to 9 also has a system that
it can be used with slow motion the same
camera records in slow motion is not
It is necessary for you to make a
postproduction after good if you want
you can do it but you have the option of
record in slow motion
the two cameras have an option
de di lighting this means that it
take a normal photo and the other photo goes up
the shadows
therefore it works very well with everything
what is backlight saves the original and
the con dj time
one's camera has a viewer
like 35 millimeter cameras and
has a diopter button what is
very important for people who have
vision problems or wear glasses
the two cameras have a system that is
very practical that when you are
recording you can take simultaneously
photos does not alter the recording and takes
photos the moment you want that
it's super practical I recommend them
honestly these two cameras are going to
to be able to do very good things with them
especially in what is video
as advice I tell you always read
the manuals before occupying the camera
so that we can get the most out of it
at the time of taking pictures or videos
or
or not